Added additional information to Invitations page (#1614)
magento/merchdocs: src/marketing/invitations.md

1. In the upper-right corner, click **Add Invitations**.

> 1. On the next screen, enter email addresses to invite new customers, add a custom message, choose a sender, and select an invitee group. If you have multiple store views, set the **Send From** chooser to establish from what store view an invitation will be sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the next screen, enter email addresses to invite new customers, add a custom message, choose a sender, and select an invitee group.

   If you have multiple store views, use the **Send From** option to specify the store view from which an invitation is sent.
```

In the [Private Sales Reports]({% link reports/private-sales-reports.md %}) section, you can see the number of invitations sent during a specified period, or customers to whom you have sent invitations.

> ## Discard Invitations for single entity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Discard invitations for single entity
```

1. On the _Admin_ sidebar, go to **Marketing** > _Private Sales_ > **Invitations**.

1. Find the needed invitation using filters and open it en edit mode.

1. In the upper-right corner, click <span class="btn">Discard Invitation</span>.

1. To confirm the action, click <span class="btn">OK</span>.

> ## Discard Invitations for multiple entities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Discard invitations for multiple entities
```

1. On the _Admin_ sidebar, go to **Marketing** > _Private Sales_ > **Invitations**.

> 1. Find the invitations to be discarded and select them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Find and select the invitations to be discarded.
```

> 1. Choose **Discard Selected** in the __Actions__ drop-down and click **Submit**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. At the top-left, use the **Actions** menu to choose **Discard Selected** and click **Submit**.
```
